doc/md: fix wrong sentence in monitoring doc (#3073)
ariga/atlas: doc/md/monitoring/03-overview.mdx

Atlas Cloud never has direct access to your database, instead it uses a middleman, the Atlas agent, to connect to your
database instead. In order for this to work, the agent needs to be installed somewhere with network connectivity to the

> database, usually within the same VPC as the database. In addition, it needs to be able to connect to Atlas
> Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
database, usually within the same VPC as the database. In addition, the agent should have outbound connectivity
to your cloud account (e.g.,`https://<tenant>.atlasgo.cloud`). 
```
